Dear reviewers Thank you for taking the time to review our paper and special thanks for your helpful comments and
suggestions for improving this paper. In response to your suggestions, we have outlined the changes and provided the
necessary explanations.


Reviewer #1:
    Three new results was added to paper.

    On minor comments: 
    
    P1 L39) In cop-version, as explained in new paper, cops can choose any edge and move along it or either save their
    current position, while zombies must always get closer to the survivor. 
    
    P1 L43) By having a winning strategy, we meant zombie player can always win no matter how survivors moves. We
    changed the statement in the new revised version

    P1 L45 and 48, P2 FIG1, P1 L31, P4 L17, P4 L18) Thanks for your comments, we have changed these in the new version.

Reviewer #2:
    Our proof was not so clear and it also had some issues regarding coordinates of vertices. We changed it in the new
    version.
    
    On your first comment: G-zombies will move along H-edges (HG-path as in previous version) if possible. They
    prioritize H-moves over G-moves. Our strategy makes them share the same G-subgraph. Now if one can do an H-move,
    they will all do the same.
    
    On minor comments:

    P1 L49, FIG1 and FIG2) Thanks for your comments, we have changed these in the new version.
    
    P3 L53) Our proof was unclear here. We changed it and also added a new figure in appendix for further understanding.
    We are sorry for this mistake, by H_y we meant H_x since the survivor's H-subgraph would be H_x.
    When survivor does an H-move, its H subgraph wont change. This means, H-zombies will follow their path and
    get to the survivor's H-subgraph (H_x). So after at most n(or diameter of graph H) H-moves by survivor, H-zombies
    will be in H_x. From now on, for each G-move made by survivor, they will mimic it so they would still be in H_x. For
    each H-move made by survivor, H-zombies will play the game just like they would on a single H graph. Since they can
    win on H, survivor cannot do unlimited H-moves.

    P3 L54) This statement was also unclear. We meant after at most n H-moves done by survivor , and not H-zombies.
    
Reviewer #3:
    We really appreciate the time you have put and your comments to help improving this paper. This new paper was not
    possible without your comments.

    On writing suggestions:

    P1 L25) Thank you for your suggestion. We went through the paper and looked for such places. We believe it is much
    more readable now.

    P1 L17, P1 L33, P1 L36, P1 L40, P1 L45, P1 L48, P4 L17, P4 L19) Thanks for your comments, we have changed these in
    the new version.

    Mathematical suggestions:

    P2 L18, P2 L33, P2 L35, P3 L25, P3 L29, P3 L30) Thanks for your comments, we have changed these in the new version.

    P2 L22) We used a different "z" for zombie number in the new version. Also "Z" is now used for the zombie number
    problem.

    P2 L41) We removed the lemma completely. We added another lemma which is not really complicated but we need it to
    show that the moves made by zombies are possible.

    P3 L34) We really appreciate your comments. In the new version, we used a fixed path (p_G and p_H) for the zombies
    to follow. The statement "G-Zombies will move on an HG-path" is not true since the H-part of the HG-path needs to be
    unique. Otherwise G-zombies might lose their initial arrangement and will not be able to follow their strategy when
    they reach G_y. But by having a unique path, this will not be a problem.

    Suggestions for extension:

    Thanks for your suggestion. By thinking about capture time and bounding it in our strategy, a new variation of the
    zombies and survivors game regarding capture time was added as well. This new problem is like the original game but
    zombie player must win in limited number of moves. We prove this new problem and original version of the game
    belongs to NP-Hard class of problems.


Reviewer #4:
    Lemma 1) Lemma 1 was changed on the new version. Altough it's not a hard problem, but we believe stating it before the
    actual proof is useful for a better understanding.

    Note or Paper) We did submit this as a "note" instead of "paper". We also added two more new results in the new
    version.