I don't think that italics are needed for "capture time" in the final line of the Abstract.aI don't think that italics are needed for "capture time" in the final line of the Abstract.

P3, Lines 6 and 7:  say "subgraph of $G \Box H$ induced by" instead of just "subgraph induced by"

P3, L16.  I think "Denote" would be more suitable than "Define" when introducing the notation for the length of a path.

P5, Section 3.  When introducing the notation $rad(G)$ it might be helpful to remind the reader of its definition.  It would also be good to use notation consistently... there is an instance of $radius(H)$ later in this section.

P7, Line -16 to -13:  $k$ has not been clearly defined.  I would suggest changing line -16 to say "... one of them, say $B_k$, is initially free ..."

The 2nd and 3rd last paragraphs on page 7 refer to the parts of a partition as partitions in their own right.  Please use the word "parts" to refer to the parts of a partition.

Reference [6] does not appear to be cited in the paper.  It should either be cited or removed.

eccentricity

We used this in the our summary next to \cite{Kinnersley15} since they both concern complexity of cops and robbers game.




Report on “Zombie number of the Cartesian product of graphs”
This revision is again improved. I am convinced the mathematics is correct and there are no remaining mathematical issues.
Since Sections 3 and 4 are independent of 5, and 5 does not concern capture time, I would move Section 5 so it is before Sections 3 and 4.
There are some language and clarity issues remaining, and the paper would benefit from a final copy-edit.
Suggestions for Revision
Abstract
P1 L40: The statement “The initial arrangement that (the) zombie player chooses is es- sential for him to win.” should not be in the definition of the game. (You could include it afterward when analyzing the game)
P1 L41: In the description of the game you should specify that the players alternate turns. 
P2 L10: “vertex set of” should be “vertex set”
P2 L18: “Goes to infinity” should be “is infinite”
P2 L40, 42, 45, 49: Since it is named, I prefer “Section X” to “section x”
Zombie number of the Cartesian product of two graphs
P3 L18: The statement “(x, y) is the vertex where the survivor is located” is only used in the proof of Theorem 2 and should be moved there.
P4 L 17: “lemma 1” should be “Lemma 1”
Capture time in Cartesian product of graphs
P5 L12: “Let rad(G) represent the G’s radius.” should be changed to “Given a graph G, let rad(G) denote its radius.”
Limited capture time zombie number problem is NP-Hard
P6L31: Iwouldchangethenotation{(u,1≤i≤k)}to{(u,v):1≤v≤k}.
